docs - install & setup consolidation (#19433)
metabase/metabase: docs/setting-up-metabase.md

![adddatabase](images/AddDatabaseInfo.png)

For more on connecting to databases, see [Adding and managing databases](./administration-guide/01-managing-databases.md).

## Usage data preferences

One last quick thing that you’ll have to decide is if it’s okay for us to collect some anonymous info about how you use the product — it helps us make Metabase better. Like the box says:
* Metabase never collects anything about your data or question results.
* All collection is completely anonymous.
* Collection can be turned off at any point in your admin settings.

![Usage data preferences](images/UsageData.png)

If you’re ready to start using Metabase, go ahead and click **Next**.

## Staying in touch
At this point you are all set and ready to use Metabase.  Since we like keeping in touch with our friends we made it easy to sign up for our newsletter (infrequent emails) with a single click!

![Metabase Newsletter](images/NewsletterSignup.png)

Once you're done here simply follow the link to **Take me to Metabase**.  And if you decided to skip the newsletter sign-up, it's cool, we still like you :)

> # Next: Getting started with Metabase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started with Metabase
```
Pages should only have one h1.

> For a quick overview of how to use Metabase, head over to the [Getting Started Guide](/learn/getting-started/getting-started.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a tutorial on getting up and running with questions and dashboards, head over to [Learn Metabase](/learn/getting-started/getting-started.html).
```
